---
title: Hello, World!
date: 2022-02-02T00:00:21Z
authors:
  - Thom Bruce
---

Welcome to CandyFloss!

<!--more-->

You're probably wondering, _what is this place?_ Good question. Truth be told, I don't wholly know the answer to that myself just yet. CandyFloss is my first step into the sandbox of Web3. It's an experiment. Right now, I'm just playing with the tools and seeing what I can build. To that end, I've already thrown up my first experiment; a donations platform of sorts.

_CandyFloss Donate_, as I've decided to call it, is an entirely serverless donations portal which connects to the Ethereum mainnet and allows visitors to donate from their browser - provided they have an Ethereum enabled browser (for instance, by installing [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/)). And when I say serverless, I really mean it; nothing that you or any visitor enters into this site is stored. Donations are processed entirely by the user's wallet. And donation pages are built entirely from parameters in the URL. You can build your own page and generate a custom URL [here](/donate/new).

I've been a big fan of "serverless" for a long time. What's called the _Jamstack_; websites built on little more than markup and JavaScript. This blog post is a [MarkDown file](https://github.com/thombruce/candyfloss/blob/main/packages/app/content/blog/hello-world.md) rendered into HTML at build time; nothing you see here is generated by a live server. So you can imagine how immediately impressed I've been by Web3. The idea that I could make a donations platform that helps to facilitate a transaction between two parties without actually involving a centralised software service is amazing!

As a little experiment, I'm quite happy with _[CandyFloss Donate](/donate)_. I wonder if I might work on an NFT gallery feature next, or maybe a block explorer of some kind... Do hit me up on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/thombruce) if there's anything you'd like to see.

And if you'd like to support me as I explore Web3 and Ethereum, feel free to [drop me some Ether](/donate/0x98cCAac584a012D27A67ABD1586868a1bc3b33e3?n=Thom%20Bruce&m=Hi,%20I%27m%20Thom.%20I%27m%20a%20freelance%20software%20developer%20currently%20tinkering%20with%20Web3%20%28I%20made%20this%20website%21%29%0A%0AYour%20donation%20could%20help%20me%20explore%20the%20space%20more%20and%20do%20even%20better%20things%20with%20Ethereum%20in%20the%20future%21&b=1&e=0.005). 😉